Readme Updates (#68)
Western-Health-Covid19-Collaboration/wh_covid19_app: README.md

### Pull Request Process

## Method 1 - If you are part of the team
- Develop your work in a branch. Branch names should be prefixed with `feature`, `tech`, or `bugfix` depending on what is being done in them. eg: `feature\update-readme`
- Open a pull request into master. Be sure to include a detailed description in your pull request. Other contributors will comment on your code or approve it
- Please be sure to note the build status of your PR reported by the Codemagic CI
- Once your pull request has been approved, please merge into master.

## Method 2 - If you are not yet part of the team
- If you are not a part of the team, you can still work on the code by clicking on the `Fork` option in this page.

> - Once you have forked it, you would be able to clone it and work on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once you have forked to your own github account,  you will be able to check out the fork and work on it.
```

- To create a pull request, you would have to push your local changes back to your git account. 
- You would then find the option to `Compare and Pull Request`. 
- Please follow the instructions above on how to submit a pull request. 

> 

Reviewer: Can you put something here about approvals?  What actually happens?  Are you able to merge or does somebody on the team have to do it?

Author: I think someone on the team would have to merge it as I am not able to find the option to do it. Will update the readme with this!

### Pull Request Process

> - `Fork` the project by clicking on the fork button.

Reviewer: Might be good to split this out into sections for people who are part of the project team, and external contributors

Author: Just updated it again with the 2 sections. Lmk if any more changes are required!
